Welcome in this video, we're going to create a repository on GitHub
in a way that I like to call the starting remote approach.
I'm currently on GitHub, and I'm on my user's newsfeed.
If you're not here, go ahead and go to GitHub and log in,
or if you're in another location, but logged in,
you can click on the octocat icon to get to the newsfeed page.
Once you're there, we're going to go over and click on "New repository".
This repository will be for a website, so I'm going to call this repository "my-website".
I'm going to skip the optional description, but this time I'm going to initialize with a README file,
and also add a ".gitignore" file that's tailored towards node.
I'm also going to add a license file for "Apache License 2.0".
And, once you've done that, click on "Create repository".
What you'll notice this time, is instead of landing on a page with instructions
on how to link your repository to GitHub, GitHub goes directly to the repository's main page.
And, that's because we initialized our repository with a handful of files,
which means that GitHub was able to create an initial branch called master
in order to add the initial commit, which has our initial set of files.